So as I said today,
posting on service level agreements,
operational level agreements underpinning
contracts,
which are essentially those commitments
that we make about how quickly and
effectively finance services delivered
and how they're managed through service
now, see if that works.
Yeah.
And just to Orient to you this morning or
afternoon,
we we kicked off way back when and did
service design cover integrations
yesterday now on Slas and after this
there may be some ongoing ad hoc design
sessions where needed if people wouldn't
mind letting people in.
Yeah.
And each of these sessions building on
each other,
and SLA's are an important piece of of
making ServiceNow work effectively for
finance. So we'll,
we'll let you know where we're we're at
decision wise.
This is that old famous slide with all
OK, So what do you do, Lauren?
Now I can like so you go to the connect
the.
bit down here and then it's like all the
Wi-Fi bits thing. Yeah, so.
We we can hear you, Sandeep.
Put you on mute, Sandy pub. It's OK.
So this is that old slide of everything
Mm-hmm.
we need to to get through to put a design
together for for our build.
You just know the angle on just how much
we've covered together and the journey
What?
we've been on.
So far, so we've reached. We're OK. Hey,
Sandy, we've, we've reached that out.
Chair.
Morning, Sandy, just in time.
So we're we've reached that outstanding
Hi, good morning.
piece of Slas,
which is fantastic and on track progress.
So thanks everyone for your inputs.
And drive so far in the programme,
it's been there,
it's been a good one and here's what
we'll cover in the next 45 minutes.
It may not take that long,
but objectives I'm going to help you
understand the three types of Slas and
looking at the recommendations that we're
making for phase one.
The next steps and saving a bit of time
for Q&A as well.
So let's start with what success looks
like for today. By the end of the session,
we'll have achieved two things or three
things actually, sorry.
First understanding the SLA types.
There are three types we'll take you
through those.
They may sound a bit jargony,
but they're actually quite
straightforward and we'll explain what
each of them means and which ones matter
most for financing phase one.
Most importantly, second,
we'll clarify the principles for defining
these Slas.
We would like to have principles around
everything we design.
And we're not defining specific
individual targets today like finance
team will respond to a vendor set up
within 4 hours. Instead,
we're going to be agreeing just on the
principles that will guide how we define
them and things like they should be
measurable and they should be realistic.
For example, those type of things.
And 3rd and I'm sure what you're all
interested in most is we're going to be
sharing the the current recommended
approach for Olas and Slas in ask finance.
And I think we're working on finalisation
in, in the background,
but I I am able to share our
recommendations as it stands right now,
so eager to.
To get your feedback on that,
what we're not doing today is we're not
committing to specific response or
resolution times for individual services.
We're not finalising targets for each
service and it's not a formal sign off.
That's kind of happening at a.
A broader level, and that's, as I say,
that's just because ask and enterprise
level decisions are needed for for that.
So it's it's kind of for information,
but also eager to get your views as well.
So I'll just show you all kind of what
the art of the possible is around Slas
etcetera in the system.
The principles needed in a transformation
and those recommendations.
So we'll get into the meat and gravy of
it.
So just demystifying the terms I've
mentioned so far,
there's there's three types of agreements,
and they all essentially support the next.
So Olas are your operational level
agreements.
And these are those kind of internal
promises that teams make to each other to
deliver a service.
Think of them as kind of behind the
scenes commitments that make external
promises possible.
So you may have been using these so far
in some form, but an example,
when finance receives a new vendor set up
request will create that vendor record
within three within a few 3.
Working days, for example,
it's a behind the scenes thing that
customers don't necessarily see and they
they help you meet those external
promises, your Slas for phase one,
what we're proposing is that if a service
does not have an agreed SLA today as is.
We'll be working on a broad soft SLA
which are Ola, sorry,
which I'll explain afterwards and that
will just help us measure service
delivery so it stays internal.
It's not something the customer sees and
it it just means that we can.
In the future,
iterate on the the definition of that for
longer term Slas that are useful and
appropriate,
I'll show you a simple diagram.
After this,
just of a a decision tree of of the two
kind of branches of overlays and Slas for
the for the project. So yeah,
if there's no SLA today,
we're proposing a broad.
Find the scenes Ola.
I think the the number of that I need to
get hold of, but that's the the approach.
Again.
I'll elaborate that on a second those
underpinning contracts.
So we're not proposing these specifically
in phase one, make them in future,
but they're essentially external vendor
commitments.
So the contracts with your external
suppliers or vendors that might support
your service delivery and these are kind
of the constraints you're working within,
not commitments you're making.
So I'd say not for right now,
but but are useful things to have in
future when when the solution matures in
in further phases.
But yeah,
we won't be looking at these in phase one
and the Slas.
So these are your external promises to
customers and these are the promises that
we make to you know,
all the all the different users. So the,
the PES, the partners, the fee owners.
Et cetera,
about how fast and how well services will
be delivered.
So this is what people really see in
experience.
I think we talked to a couple of these in
in most of the sessions,
it may have come up.
So for phase one look,
So what we're suggesting is that if you
have.
Slas on your services today will ensure
these remain in place in service now and
we'll be capturing these as part of the
requirements in our user stories that
we're working on and the the reasoning
behind that is essentially if if
customers are expecting a certain level
of service today,
we don't want to take that away.
We want to ensure they they keep getting
the service.
Service.
So I think it makes sense to maintain
those Slas for where they exist today.
And as I said before, where they don't,
we'll be applying that broader LA so that
we can learn what those future SLA's is
and we'll fill the gap.
So I've got a super simple decision tree
I like. I like to keep,
keep things simple where I can so.
Is the.
Does the service have SLA in current
states? If yes,
will apply an existing SLA will implement
that in the system? If no,
will apply that general soft Ola so that
we can measure, learn, iterate on the?
The measurements in future and build on
that. So I think I'll go through, yeah,
I'll go through the principles, that's OK.
And then I do have time for Q&A,
maybe some of you've got questions.
So just kind of explain maybe why we've
got to where we are,
the principles behind it.
So now we understand the types.
These are just the guard rails that
ensure we we create good,
workable commitments rather than
aspirational targets.
That kind of set everyone up to fail.
So the soft launch,
that's what we just spoke about will
track performance,
learn what's realistic and iterate and
soft launch as a hopefully have made
clear just means measuring and tracking.
But we are very.
Much in in learning mode and simple,
measurable,
actionable so everyone understands what
the commitment is. There's no ambiguity.
Service now can track these automatically.
You're not manually reporting just to to
make clear on everybody is something.
The service now tracks.
Make sure it's actionable,
so if you're at risk of missing it,
you can actually do something about it so
a bad SLA, for example,
is finance will provide excellent service.
It's not measurable, it's not actionable,
but a good example is finance will
respond to vendor set up requests within
one day, for example,
kind of a smart target.
We're all familiar with that framework.
We will try to keep a business face in
language, so minimising technical jargon,
making sure everybody on the team
understands it and customers will include
any escalation paths and exceptions.
So when we talk about those.
Slas that exist at the moment for an
escalation,
if it's at risk of being missed,
then who gets notified and when will be
try and keep that in in the system and
exceptions.
Are there any legitimate reasons why an
SLA wouldn't apply for like example
public holidays?
We'll we'll keep that in as well.
We'll carry that across principle five
there.
We've got measurement of Windows
measurement,
windows business hours and time rules.
We'll make sure they're all present as
well in the system. That's all feasible,
tiered alerts.
So that means that ServiceNow will be
able to send automated alerts before Slas
are breached.
For example, at fifty time,
over time elapsed, we'll give a heads up.
This case has been open for 2.5 days.
Let's say your five days delays at 50%
and we can give another warning at 80%
and say there's only one day left for
example.
And and as you can imagine,
we'll also be given a notification when
there's a breach. So if the SLA breaches,
it covers that one consistent approach
for NPS and CSAT. So NPS net,
promote score,
how likely we're likely to recommend
finance services to a colleague and we'll
put a scale in there.
We'll make sure there's a consistent
approach to that cross.
Ask and see sat as well.
So customer satisfaction,
we'll we'll measure these across the the
organisation consistently so they are to
be included as well and agent workspace
visibility.
So if you remember Agent Workspace was
that kind of area in the system where.
Where you guys will be working,
where you see your your own personal
dashboard of of outstanding items,
finance team members will be able to see
all their own SLA performance in the
service.
Now workspace we can have you've closed X
cases this month. X have reached SLA.
A certain amount breached and that can be
extrapolated up to to team leads as well,
depending on the the setup of those
dashboards. OK,
hopefully that kind of makes sense and
we've kind of clarified what Slas are and
all the the different options and the
different features of those that can be
included. And as you can see it's.
A mature area of service now it's been
there since the start.
It's ServiceNow is bread and butter.
So we can we can build on those next
things we're going to do.
So Deborah is working on the user stories
right now for for finance and we're going
to be drawing out of those where SLA's
exist at the moment.
Moment and I said we'll be carrying those
across and therefore by looking at what
isn't there,
we'll be able to see what fill fills that
Ola category.
Then of course we'll get into the
configuration and when we go live,
we'll launch in that soft mode.
Start measuring and learning and refine,
and then in future times not.
Doesn't that necessarily have to be a
subsequent phase?
But to be to be defined we can implement
those updates to Slas.
Once we've got a a realistic view on what
they should be for each service.
Yeah.
OK,
so flow through what it is and hopefully
that's clear on the approach here.
I think this is maybe the the pertinent
slide open to to questions around how
this is going to work or the decision
what what are your questions everybody,
anything?
Josh,
can I just add something to the soft?
Yeah, your soft launch,
so it's worth for the team to understand
Please yeah.
that we'll go through a baselining
process.
So when you think about the measures that
we are collecting,
what we will be able to do is we'll be
able to look over a sort of.
You know,
2-3 month period depending on on how fast
you want to move.
We will look across that we will look at
the typical range of say you know a
certain task item in terms of its
completion.
We will look at sort of the range you'll
have the odd exception that pop up the
baselining process will be to rule out.
Some of those exceptions to get you to a
norm and then from there we'll set the,
Yes.
you know,
your sort of indicative Ola or
performance objective against those and
what that will mean is that that will
Yeah.
give you a controlled state to be able to
then pitch what is it that we know we can
fairly consistently achieve bar in the
odd.
Spikes that may well occur,
and then how do we use that to then
underpin what we commit to the customer
with a little bit of a safety factor on
Yeah.
there.
So that's the process that we will help
you through to get those in place.
Hopefully that helps.
Yes.
Yeah.
Thank you, mark. Yeah,
so we've got a few hands up. Think,
Sandeep, you are first.
Yeah, sorry,
still trying to set this laptop up in the
Yeah.
meeting room. Yeah. So, I mean,
just wanted to understand on that S on on
that, setting up an SLA process.
So how will it work? Will it be SL as?
On each and every single process as per
the MPL,
because MPL will be MPL will be set up on
ServiceNow as well as per the tasks and
the categories.
What we discussed through you know like
we gave you like 50 but you said Oh no
these fifty can be classed into 5.
So how? How will how what is it?
What what?
How will it be broken down like you know
where?
Where is the SLA on the overall task or
on the individual incident tasks,
you know, e-mail response,
how does it work?
I think Deborah,
you'll be eager to answer 1 yet.
Actually, yeah.
I was just going to actually before you
hand your hand up to probably talk to
that is that to have end to end SLA as
well as you said Sandeep,
it's obvious reading through like for
example the SLA is currently for one step
might be 4 hours,
but actually it's probably.
Four hours.
Talking into the overall process,
you could break it down that over the SLA
is like you have to first, you know,
respond to an approval that might be
within one hour of the overall process,
but the actual end to end to achieve that
for the for the requester might be 8
hours. So yes.
There could be Slas clear from the user
stories,
and we're writing everything up that the
response within the process has a
So.
internal SLA as well as the end to end as
well, yeah.
Yeah.
Right. OK.
Because that in that makes sense for in
the sense of like you know internal right
because within the working capital
finance space,
11 matter or one matter request right can
go through multiple teams, right?
So it is not something that you know say.
Yeah.
Even if I set up an SLA for E billing
like for four hours,
Yes.
but then you know rates team will have to
try and get in something so.
Yeah.
So send Sandy pivot if it helps some some
Yeah.
for some bits you will just use your Ola
structure to do the task to make sure
people are on top of their task because
to your point you can't have a single SLA
when you've got such variances in terms
of what you get asked to do. But what?
Yeah.
You can do.
As an organisation, as you can say,
say to,
you can sort of present to your business
entities that actually the service level
is more about an experience based,
one that says we will manage these,
we will do the to your satisfaction,
but you drive the behaviours at a task
level and that's the important
differentiator is you because you the.
Tasks, you know,
they're fairly consistent in terms of
what you can achieve,
which is hence why I was saying about the
baselining,
what we'll end up doing is we'll identify
what the parameters might be in terms of
task X against task Y,
your or the OR the same task,
but they have different variances.
We'll be able to look at those.
And may even be able to structure service
levels against a different type of
variance,
but we will mature that over time.
The initial piece is just to get your
measures running to support some sort of
positioning piece with the business to
say we've got control of this.
Because here's how we measure it.
OK.
Make sense?
Yeah, I have a question,
but I'll let Jill ask her question first.
You can go if you like, Sandy,
if it's related,
mine is probably just slightly different.
No, Sir, no, Sir. I mean,
I understand the logic completely, mark.
So that's that's fine. Helpful.
Will this be driven by MPLS? Then again,
because why I'm asking why I'm focusing
on MPLS because we will have user stories
at the back of these broken down
processes.
So when we are you,
when we are reviewing the user stories,
shall we also start thinking that OK,
that step or that piece of work might
take this much time and then let's try
and you know, argue or debate on the SLA.
So it's like two things done together
rather than.
I mean, I'm just gonna. I'm. I'm just,
like, not getting the detection of.
None.
Play song.
How should I assess that really.
So ideally what you would do is right,
it's not necessarily through that story
piece,
because what you'll do is you'll track
that once you start to measure.
So once you actually start to get all of
the controls that you need,
you'll be able to look across each one
and look at the typical behaviour,
look at what your teams are able to do to
joshie's point and Deborah Point.
About them being realistic in terms of
what you've got to achieve and then make
it appropriate to get the objective set
against that task delivery and then you
Yeah.
can say, well, what do I need to,
you know,
Yeah.
present back to my business in terms of a
service level because typically the
service level is obviously your client,
your customer facing.
Your overlays about the management of
your community and at the moment what we
Yeah.
need to do is understand what the
management cycle is to then be able to
say what can we commit to.
OK.
That help?
Yep, Yep.
OK.
Yeah.
So what I'm probably hearing just for
what you said there, Mark,
is that from the user story perspective,
we don't want to consider Slas 'cause.
I'm just probably conscious of if we get
into debates of that,
it will slow down that process.
So just to make sure that's really clear,
Yep, Yep.
we will pick this up afterwards after
those user stories in place and it's
probably easier to see 'cause you'll.
Maybe have seen some of it in the system
by then,
so it might help you to answer that
question.
Yep.
Sandeep around MPL level service level,
whereas those kind of measures are
certain etcetera.
My question was going to be around for
like finance group.
When we did service catalogue and all
that,
there was SL as provided through that
exercise.
What I'm keen to understand I suppose,
is how real are those SL as and the
service catalogue?
Have they been dealt with with kind of
stakeholders and things like that so.
They agreed.
Have our stakeholders and customers
agreed to that service level or was it
something that was done internally?
I'm just keen to hear about the approach
at the time to understand whether it's
actually something we can use for certain
services or processes or no.
Actually we probably want to start this
again.
So Jill,
I think I can talk through that one.
Good.
Yeah.
So when I populated the the data sets for
the teams,
I used the service catalogue as a
foundation and if there was an SLA in
there, I included it.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a big succession that they have been
agreed in the the sneeze and everyone.
Yeah.
We're happy with them.
I also included it where there was no SLA
identified in the guides or the maps as
well.
So there were times where there was just
something in the service catalogue,
but I personally haven't gone through
with the sneeze and said,
do you agree with this?
No.
Yeah, that's cool.
Having, yeah, having had a look at them,
I think that sometimes they're generous
and sometimes they might be under,
you know, like for example,
a request for turning off a notification
in ROM. You know,
it's like 4 hours or six. You know,
I thought, actually that's a long SLA so.
And and actually for a lot of them,
they're the same amount of hours.
So maybe there is an opportunity,
as you said,
to have a look at the service level and
the story. And so for example,
if it's one contact, one person,
no approval, I think Tim,
you've already marked them in that way.
There could be an SLA that maps to that.
Type of amount of activity within there
and how many handoffs there are,
so there could be an opportunity to,
you know, to revisit that.
OK. Sandeep, from your perspective,
like when the service catalogue was done,
how comfortable are you that the SL ES
and there are accurate?
Yeah.
So you you have to,
I mean the the question is 2 layers gaol.
So internally they are accurate.
So what we should be doing and what we're
supposed to do, yes,
I mean that's how it is framed.
And so I'm comfortable like from internal
perspective, but I think.
Mm-hmm.
Your quick the second question or the
second layer is around the stakeholders.
Yeah.
Now I know that from cashier's site like
both AUS and UK.
And when we are dealing with the partners
or when we are dealing with say Anna
deals with the operations team,
those Slas are defined with our
I.
stakeholders.
Folders and and that's what we always
refer back to,
but I don't know from a billing E billing
perspective that we have ever discussed
with our stakeholders.
And in fact Rama as well.
OK. So it's maybe something so on you go,
Mark.
Joe, I think now I was just going to say,
I think the real question around the
Yeah.
validity of your SL as is how many times
do you have a service review with your
stakeholders and how many times do your
stakeholders say?
Yeah.
And then.
We're not happy or this hasn't worked or
whatever,
because if that's if that's not often or
not at all, then it kind of sort of says,
OK.
well,
they may be just numbers on the page
because the follow through of service
levels is that there's a regular review
that says,
are we as a team supporting you,
Mr customer in terms of what you're
trying?
Trying to achieve and are we supporting
you in terms of your fulfilment of your
Yeah.
business objectives? If that.
If there's none of that dialogue and
Yeah.
there's no escalations back against that
other than the odd exception,
you kind of look at it and go well.
Yeah. No, no, no, mark,
we are not there yet. So I mean,
Has it really been agreed?
I can don't do that and we want to do
that desperately.
Yeah.
And I think somewhere some like say for
example E billing would send start
sending the reports like you know what is
there with the BES,
what is there sitting with the partners,
what is there sitting with us out of the
whole population of invoices pending but.
It is not.
It is not a case where I would sit with
one of the B managers and discuss those
things with them. So I mean it happens,
but you know in,
in specific teams due to specific
escalation reasons, you know.
Yeah, understood.
Yeah, and that.
And then this is where I was going for
the. I mean on a couple of other slides,
which you did show to show Josh like the
what was it called the G SAT and you know
the two abbreviations,
what you used right?
Because that's basically the scoring
metrics what we might want to have.
Now.
I mean the question is the question
sometimes,
I mean the question is sitting with us,
whether we have the right Slas to have
those NPS and CSAT, you know,
numbers to prove or not.
Yeah.
Yeah,
and that's that's what I'm trying to get
to through this conversation, right,
because we we don't measure Slas at the
Yeah.
moment. Mark, we might have them in place,
but we don't measure them and actively
talk about them.
So it's just to make sure we have this
Yeah.
discussion so that we know the
information that we have isn't
Yeah.
necessarily valid and it's something that
we probably need to revisit and look at.
Yeah.
Yeah,
and they might be set to the point that
Yeah.
you never breach them. They might be. So,
you know,
like 4 hours to do one five minute,
you know.
Yeah.
And it makes the picture look rosy,
whether it's true and you can report upon
it effectively as a different matter.
So it's probably having writing the user
Yeah.
stories and looking got, you know,
I'm actually looking at the SLA.
The same time,
think God that was generous,
so there might be an opportunity,
as you say, to,
to revisit that and probably just one
quick question for the MPL references for
Yeah.
the processes,
because we took 70 processes at a time
and rolled it up to five services.
A lot of those MPL references were of the
same process but with a different
scenario,
so that might be another consideration
when reviewing them,
of which MPL that you're referring to.
I would probably say there's some.
Yeah.
Just some thought around maybe revisiting
that process as well and and what that
Mm-hmm.
end to end looks like. So they're not,
it isn't a direct 1 to one mapping.
Yes.
Exactly, that's.
That's what I was thinking because it had
Yeah.
to be. I mean, it's not,
it should not be one to one if it is one
to one,
then you're just exaggerating your time
Yes.
and all I could really get you and I
think what I wanted to clarify is that.
But.
To do this while we're doing the user
stories, the answer is no.
So then it make it gives us some time to
think about. First of all,
review our SL as and this is my message
to all the SMEs over here that review our
current SL as at the back of the service
catalogue and.
Be ready to kind of, you know, like see,
because a big element of of of the
changes. ServiceNow,
how is ServiceNow going to increase
Good.
decrease that specific MPL task or or or
that's task right? So we don't know that.
So do we need to alter our you know Slas
or not. I mean it's an open,
it's going to be an open position.
So and Sandeep,
I would counsel that that's something you
Yeah.
will do after you've gone live enough
after you've been operational with a,
you know, a good few weeks,
you know 8 to 12 weeks worth of data to
be able to actively use your real time
data to be able to evaluate.
So what does that actually mean and what?
I.
Yeah.
What is it?
Because because you also want to leverage
against importance to the business,
you don't measure the hell out of things
that actually don't make material impact
to the end to end journey of that product
stack or that that item that you're
pushing through your service.
So there's a,
there's a little bit of a balance and I
think this will be a really good
opportunity once you're running,
once you've got some source data.
To do a focused exercise of saying what
do we, what's material,
Yeah.
what do we need to measure,
what's important to our customers?
And then the converse of that is what do
we need to measure for the performance
and management of our teams and the
combination of those two enable you to
Yeah.
then move, you know,
sort of define that and then say to your
customers.
This is how we're measuring output your
our service for you to enable them to be
able to take some comfort because
remember there's a there's a direct
correlation between usually process
performance and reports the customer
needs. If someone's working really well,
the customer is not,
doesn't even need a report.
It's not it not important if it's if it's.
Yeah.
Causing them impacting their business,
then they're going to want to report.
Then they're going to want some, you know,
some sort of service level objective,
etcetera.
So I would use the period of time and
make it a focus period of time where
you're collecting the data you're looking
at it.
Everyone's updating the records correctly.
Everyone's going through that,
you know that hygiene.
Of task management and then you can
really start to tell what you need to
measure and where you alley those
hoefully that made sense.
Yeah.
And also you've got activities that are
got the high volume.
So you know if it was just one offs you
could say your SLA you know it takes X
amounts but actually with the volumes
that you're doing that SLA won't have to
be extended because you're getting so
many you can't the customer can't expect
it to be turned around if it was just.
One you know,
so you have to also look realistically
the the volumes to make it you know,
so that you're you're always operating
within that based on that activity you
know end of month you know as well E
billing I think they had the.
The you know very sort of 7000 invoices a
month.
So you know the SLA on that might be
slightly more because they have to turn
around so many,
but that's something else as probably not
said something to address that we can do
realistic ones once you've got all that
data coming in.
Yeah, yeah.
Play song.
The aim, the aim there.
So just divide just very quickly to add
Yeah.
to that the aim there would be you'd be
saying 90 something percent are going to
be completed within this period.
The rest we'd hope to complete in this
Yeah.
Play song.
period. Now again,
it doesn't help if you're the customers
one that happens to be in the 2% that
didn't make it. But as long as you've got.
Yeah.
Yes.
One thing that gives them the steer they
say, won't won't just fall off the Cliff.
You will continue to push for it and
that's why why we do the baselining and
that's why you'd go through that
structured approach because otherwise you
can't.
You'll you'll either over commit and then
consistently fail or you will under
commit consistently be green.
But the customers love a bad.
Experience and that's the balance, OK.
You know,
I mean we we we do have those manually
like you know,
you took an example of eviling and we we
have exactly a slab of what percentages
around what days and ageing we should be
Oh.
having.
So I mean that's an easy example for us
Yeah.
to put in perspective.
Yeah.
The number of requests compared to the
complexity.
Do we have any Slas over there or not?
There's Slas on the documentation.
I think that's probably to Tim's point
that he pulled out that we've we've seen
to date.
Yeah, I mean it's it's, it's just a,
it's it's,
I don't know if you're speaking or I mean
you're mute though it's it's more about
Yes.
that.
That's one of the most complex things to
kind of like you know, SS and SLA in, in,
in my opinion because others are pretty
Because other than black and white, yes.
Sorry. I was on mute.
much black and white.
They are talking away. Apology and yeah.
So, yeah. And Deborah, you're right.
We do have SL as in place.
The majority of them are four hours and
Yeah.
that's fine for your basic ones.
But and there is other ones where the SL
Yeah.
as.
Do need to be more so we've for example,
a panel agreement.
It's not gonna take 4 hours.
It's you know that that's gonna take a
lot longer and and you know potentially
the queries are a bit difficult cause the
queries can take.
Can take, you know, up to four hours,
but some of them also take a couple of
days,
so maybe that's something we need to
Yeah.
consider as well. Sandy,
depending on maybe we need to consider
Yeah.
how what type of query it is.
We've got queries lifted,
Yeah, yeah.
but some of them definitely take longer
than four hours and can take several days
to resolve.
Yeah.
Depending on the complexity.
No.
Does that answer your question?
Yeah. Yeah.
So I mean answers the question that it's
Yeah, yeah.
So we answer the question that on, yeah,
than others, so.
sure, yeah.
OK. And can I,
sorry something has and raised.
OK. And can I,
sorry something else and raised.
Yeah.
There's a there's quite a big echo
Sandeep on your end, yeah.
There's a there's quite a big echo.
There's some feedback, yeah.
Get some feedback.
Maybe somebody got there.
Somebody's got.
Geraldine, could you go on mute, please?
Thank you.
Hmm.
Good luck.
Try again Sandeep.
I said somebody has a hand raised,
so I don't know if they have a question.
Oh yeah. Mark, please.
I'm just going on the next.
I was just going to say Mark's got his
hand up, so go on, Josh. Go on.
Yeah. Hey, guys. Yeah.
It's just one quick question.
None.
It's not spinance SLA specific,
but just SLA in general.
Since you've got the design principles up
where there is an SLA,
have you decided yet on what the strategy
is for communicating that SLA to the end
user through like a note?
Location template or is that going to be
hidden on phase one?
I think not, mark, not that I've heard of.
We got a specific strategy for displaying
that to the user,
yet unless you've heard of the wise mark?
That's the other mark.
Said yeah, yeah.
So I think there's where there's two,
two things that we identified that the
Yeah.
organisation doesn't have,
like a broader service strategy of which
would include communication of service
expectations, service levels, etcetera.
So you would have that in the broader
piece. Now we haven't got that.
So what we.
Yeah. And again,
this comes back to perhaps whether it's
organisational change or you know comms
directive or whatever the key point is
that you would be signposting to say one
we want to,
Yeah.
Hmm.
we want to sort of get to position
through the through the you know
implementation of a of a stronger.
A tool set which will enable us to better
measure.
So the first message you give is we're
going to better measure ourselves,
so we have a better understanding and
then you'll have a duration time of after
X amount of period we will come and we
will come and talk to you.
This is you know to the business.
So the leaderships will then go and have
some of those conversations to say.
What's material?
Based upon what we've learnt,
this is what we've seen in terms of our
typical performance,
because you'd be transparent because
ultimately sort of part through the same
organisation,
you would share your baselining pictures
and landscape and then you'd have the
conversation to say,
does any of what we've been achieving
today materially.
Impact your business and what would you
want us to be playing back to you to
Yes.
reassure you if you are doing you know if
your performance and if what you're
driving for.
And I've done these many times,
if you can demonstrate that actually
there's no material impact borrowing
exceptions.
Yes.
You wouldn't even follow through with the
service level.
What you would do is you'd just show your
indicative scorecard against your Olas.
If you were asked. So if a business had,
say, a challenge, and you went back,
you just used your material Ola structure,
say, look,
this is typically where we are and we are
holding within range and therefore you
wouldn't need.
Need to have any formal service level.
The ones that are really material to the
business are the ones where you drive a
service level and what.
You might also look at to say well
actually and this is on the IT side,
I did a session on Xlas which are
experience based agreements.
So it's less about the numbers.
98% were done. Invoices processing,
whatever.
What you might actually do is you might
just put an experience based one and
Yeah.
drive your performance at just purely on
Net Promoter or CSAP.
Yeah.
And if if you you know on your CSAP one
if you get if no one responds,
responds to that satisfaction survey.
Thank you.
Then they are satisfied against those
that come back and say it was either
outstanding or it was poor,
and that gives you the balance.
So these are the things that you would
need to explore once you've been
operating once you actually have the data
because to Jills point,
if you haven't been able to measure those
ones that have been articulated in your
catalogue to.
Date you're almost starting from the yeah,
the blank canvas that then says.
Here's what we need to do.
So I think Mark to to answer the question
is one we possibly might need to think
about that service strategy in terms of
Yeah.
what it what it is that you know you know
gets.
Gets or communicated or gets positioned
to the business.
I think to the construct of that then
says when we've got some solid data and
Yeah.
we know really solid measurable data,
this is what we perform.
Let's go and have some dialogue with the
customers and see what are the real
impacts on them and then use their
feedback back to then drive.
Yeah.
Those agreements and that would be a
typical approach that you would take,
especially if you're sort of focused on
being customer centric and supporting
ultimately the business drivers that
bring you money. That's the ultimate.
Yeah, that makes that makes sense to me.
Jill. Jill, you want to come in?
I was just gonna say just to add that I
think we just need to agree what the
approach is gonna be an enterprise level
cause what I wouldn't want to happen is
Yeah.
that IT are perhaps publishing Slas and
ask aren't because we're not currently
Hmm.
measuring.
So it's just important that I think we
align that I think probably.
From my perspective,
what I'm hearing just through these
conversations is I want to be clear on as
the work that we need to do just now on
Yeah, yeah.
Slas or Olas.
So I'd like to take some guidance from
TQI, my team around what that looks like.
Is there actions that we need to be doing
so that by day one,
we could have some stuff in there.
Yeah.
Or are we taking it Mark? To your point,
sage,
sorry that we are waiting till we get in
and test and measuring from that
perspective it might be actually the
right thing to do as a hybrid of that
because to sandeep's point we do have
some Slas that are agreed with the
business because they're perhaps
regulatory for example.
That's what drives that.
So I think we just need some direction on
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
what that looks like from now until we go
live and what kind of pre work we need to
do really to help achieve that.
Yeah, that makes sense.
I was going to say I was going to,
This up to mark.
so I was going to check.
I didn't realise that you also had some
SLA's in place,
so it does mean that we do need to take
Yeah.
the hybrid approach to and I do think we
need to kind of have a base set of
overlays that we we would try to use
across finance,
but where you do have those agreements,
there's SLA's already in place.
How do we define them?
How do we capture them?
How do we build them in service now?
How do we then have the ease to then
Yeah.
create the reports off the back of it
that you can then start to show the
business?
So there's a couple of things that we
probably do need to have a little bit
more detailed session on the SLA that you
do have plus defining a base set of
overlays that we want to have for phase
one. I would say that we.
Typically you don't want to kind of share
that much information right now as well.
How do we provide the service to the
business?
But if you do have certain stakeholders
where they are expected to see,
what's the performance look like,
what is it,
what's the availability look like based
on the SLA that we had agreed,
we do need to kind of create some of
those reports and dashboards for almost
like you have really basic ones,
but just enough to kind of share.
We're responding to your slaves in place
as well.
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah.
Yeah, I see it in the three steps, right,
first step is right. Now it's just said,
what do we want to do right now until you
know, we are testing going live.
So I understand that our we ourselves
need to just kind of like you know fine
tune the SL as whatever individuals have
we make sure that it's put through and
Yeah.
you know we we manage and monitor ours.
The Step 2 will be that.
Those SL as are like what Mark was saying.
I mean we need to have a have a
discussion with the wider business areas
and say you know this,
these are the SL as what we have agreed
with yourself and you know what some of
these might be ages you know so don't
know if that discussion needs to happen
with them and you know rediscuss the SL
as etcetera. But yeah you know having.
That communication done with the Slas
with, with the wider stakeholders,
that's Step 2 and then the last step is
that to have that performance review
meetings or you know whatever we want to
call the NPS ESAP scoring river.
So form from that kind of a meeting like
on a quarterly or on a semi annually
basis you know with with those
stakeholders.
I think the question for me is now,
apart from the user stories,
is there anything you know we have to
factor so the guys are prepared.
Yeah.
So they just so I can just so I can
understand as well in terms of the Slas
that you do have in place at the moment,
do you have things like making the stuff
a service review with finance operations
or with AP community that says look,
we set these Slas out?
How we're doing on a monthly basis is is
ask finance performing as we agreed and
we set out you know at the very beginning
when we set up these Slas.
We don't know. We don't have that.
So what will have what we have right now
OK.
is certain regulatory SL as and and and
reporting so not on the basis right.
OK.
So say for example capturing we are
responsible to sign up on the breach
report across the form not.
OK. Yeah.
And OK, so we prove we have those Slas,
we have those reporting standards.
But when we're talking about individuals
and the teams know they we don't have
that kind of a forum right now.
Let's move with some tasks.
Yeah.
We think of payments,
we've got banking cut off time.
So SL as of.
Yeah.
If someone gives us a payment request
before a certain thing,
we will do it same day,
but if it's after a certain thing with
the next day,
we have to keep those in place because
we're managing the expectations of when
people need to get stuff to us.
Julian's point is that after a month,
two months, do you review? Yeah,
the work with them as well that you were
late on 10 occasions or you know you were.
We were later on. Yeah.
He was able to review that,
I guess book book driven by outside
sources as well.
Yeah.
So to answer your questions again,
maybe at a very minimal level,
Yeah.
you know we might be discussing this with
the stakeholders we don't have.
Yeah. And at the best,
we do have your Slas. You know,
OK.
I think it.
as I go through each of the user stories
and the process and consolidate it,
Yeah.
you have multiple Slas already in place
and you can say well actually is that
regulatory do we, is that set in stone.
So there are ones that we can pull out
that are you have to.
Comply to and there are others that might
have just been set. As you said,
Geraldine in Varma,
lots of them are 4 hours as a as a
blanket.
We can certainly you know that that that
is at least a starting point that we have
today. And you can say, well,
at best we're going to, you know,
the SLA is going to be better than that.
Because they're probably generous because
they're never breached,
so that's at least that discussion that
you can tie into the user stories.
Yeah.
But to your point is probably, you know,
how many is there a report today that you
can say, well, actually,
this is what we're performing at because
I think there was some discussions on
also performance reviews and utilisation.
So having that information might be
useful,
but at the moment we certainly have all
the Slas after the work that Tim has done
previously in place and that's it
probably a good starting point of saying
OK.
well.
That's what we are least starting the
conversation on,
and we can story point some of the
journeys as well against those to say,
well actually we and we can do that as a
group,
but could say well actually we believe
that you could do that in three hours for
example on a four hour SLA.
But as we stand today,
we do have most of the Slas captured for
each of our user stories or each of the
processes that you provided.
I.
I think it's maybe an exercise that needs
to be carried out at some point, right?
Yeah.
I don't know that it's right now that it
needs to be done because I think the
I.
focus should be on the user stories and
what we need to be focused on in that
Yeah.
perspective. Tim,
I'm going to throw your hat and hopefully
you would be able to help us support and
doing that kind of exercise with the guys
working with TKI.
If you just let us know when the time's
right,
what kind of information it is that you
need us to clarify on the current SL ES
that we have, etcetera,
I think that's probably a good starting
point and then we can work from there and
see what it tells us.
More than happy to help Jill.
And as you said, it's yeah.
And as we said, it's a,
We'll.
we are also looking at it not mutually
exclusive exclusively for each one.
It's an end to end process.
So we're acutely aware that these four
Yeah.
hours can easily build up,
but the actual handoffs you know there
Yeah.
has to be a different SLA on that.
I think I think from our side,
we'll provide a template which you can
then start to use as a methods to capture
what we call kind of SLA definitions and
Yeah.
SLA definitions,
covers SLA overlays and underpinning
contracts. Within that it will have.
What's the name of your SLA?
What does it cover?
Play movie.
What's the start condition?
What's it almost?
What's how do you trigger that SLA?
How do you pause it? You know,
kind of pause conditions, stop conditions,
etcetera. So if we're going to build that,
we need to make sure that we've gathered
that information as well.
So we can then capture the right stories.
Yeah.
The other thing I was going to say is
George C point as well, the Ola piece,
we did cover AI would call it an
enterprise decision to agree the approach
Yeah.
for that.
So let's take that one offline as a
separate session that we do need to have.
We used to agree.
Let's have you know,
do we start with a kind of base set line,
you know,
baseline of overlays to help us just
measure to start with, yeah,
slightly easy to achieve,
but allows us to measure actually how how
well do we do how how effective are we in
pushing certain things or?
Actually,
if I have a a end to end service not only
just within finance,
but let's say an onboarding journey where
there's multiple functions that are
engaged, how do we measure that?
How do we look at those end to end
services as well?
So let's say that offline as a separate
session that we just need to kind of have
a think through and see what is the the
best approach right now.
'Cause I'm.
I'm conscious about getting the stories
and and getting the functionality in
rather than.
Adding to the workload and trying to get
the measurements when we want to try and
get the services right simplified in
ServiceNow as well,
but let's pick that offline now.
And I I agree.
I think that's the priority. But yeah,
that's definitely an enterprise approach,
Julian.
I think around that oily piece and what
it means for day one,
we know what we want to achieve long term,
right?
Yeah.
But what's it actually like for day one
and then that will give us some guidance
around how that's going to be in the
system and what it will feel like.
We're working through it.
Yeah.
All right. Thanks, everyone.
I think we're all clear and aligned. We,
we we all got to the same outcome there.
So thanks all for your inputs.
Yeah.
We appreciate it.
Thanks, Josh. So cheers, bye.
Cheers all. Bye. Bye. Thanks everyone.
Bye bye bye.
Excellent. Thanks everyone. Bye.
Thank you.
Have a good day of thank you.